We are now going to construct the "Using Hedgi" page. This page will consist of a currency hedge simulator feature like the one present in other parts of our website, and a chatbot, which is going to be fueled by openAI's API. In the simulator, can each of the features where the user has to select an input be wrapped around a box (rounded corners, no fill, line color the same green we use throughout the site), where when the user hovers the mouse into this box, we get the descriptions for how to fill out each of the fields? In this case we want the descriptions to appear larger than they do on the home page and more "aesthetically", accompanied by an icon as well. I like the artistic approach we took on the "What is Hedging" page, so maybe look at that for examples. For the chatbot, we are to send curl requests to openAI's API. The general format of the request is as follows: curl https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions -H "Content-Type: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer $OPENAI_API_KEY" -d '{ "model": "gpt-4o", "store": true, "messages": [ {"role": "user", "content": "write a haiku about ai"} ] }' Additionally, we want to be passing in, inside the "messages" section, the following as a baseline: { "role": "system", "content": "You are HedgiBot, a friendly and knowledgeable assistant designed to help users set up currency hedges using Hedgi. Your goal is to: Understand user currency hedging needs clearly through friendly questions. Collect necessary information: Target currency, Base currency, Amount, Trade Direction (buy or sell), and Duration. Provide clear, concise explanations on why and how hedging works. Once sufficient information is gathered, summarize clearly what fields the user should input into the currency hedging simulator. Always ask the user clearly, one at a time, for the following details if not already provided explicitly: Base currency (currency the user holds or earns in, e.g., Brazilian Reais - BRL) Target currency (e.g., USD, EUR) Trade direction (buy or sell) clearly based on the user’s goal. Amount they wish to hedge. Timeframe or duration of the hedge. If the user mentions a use case (e.g., vacation, tuition, property), confirm your understanding before proceeding. " }, Are the goals for this page clear? Also include a brief explanation of what the page's functionalities are, explain to the user that they can hover over each point for an explanation, and to use "Hedgi AI" to understand how they should be planning their hedges. Are these goals clear?