Detect the disabled endpoint

Run a quick “ping” or SELECT 1 against whatever DATABASE_URL your Repl is using.

If you catch a “Control plane request failed: endpoint is disabled” error, stop here and proceed to step 2.

Re-enable the database

If you’re using Replit DB: open the Replit sidebar ➔ Database pane, click “Enable” (or “Create database”), then confirm you see your key/value store panel.

If you’re pointing at an external service (PlanetScale, ElephantSQL, Supabase, etc.):

Switch to that provider’s dashboard.

Find your database instance and click “Resume” or “Activate” on the endpoint.

Verify your connection details (host, port, username/password) are unchanged.

Reload your secrets

In Replit’s Secrets (🔒) panel, re-enter or confirm your DATABASE_URL (or DB_HOST/DB_USER/etc.) matches the now-live instance.

Save and ensure there are no typos or leftover spaces.

Restart the Repl exactly once

Hit the “Stop” button, then “Run.”

Do not auto-restart in a loop—only one controlled restart so you can observe the logs.

Verify connectivity

As soon as the server starts, run in the console:

bash
Copy
Edit
curl -X POST http://localhost:5000/api/login \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"username":"testuser","password":"testpass"}' \
  -v
You should get a 200 OK (or whatever your success response is) instead of a 500.

Abort further retries on success or fatal error

If login succeeds, report “✅ Database re-enabled and authentication works.”

If you still get “endpoint is disabled,” report “❌ Database endpoint remains disabled—please check your Replit or external dashboard.”

Give those steps to your agent as an ordered script. That way it will:

Recognize the real cause (“endpoint is disabled”),

Perform the necessary manual “enable” action in the correct place (Replit DB pane or external console),

Reload its config and restart once,

Check the fix,

And finally stop with a clear success/failure message—rather than looping for 40 minutes.








