We are now going to construct the "Using Hedgi" page. This page will feature two main interactive elements:

1. Currency Hedge Simulator (Right side of the page)

The simulator will resemble the existing version on our website but with enhanced interactivity:

Users should see large, aesthetically pleasing descriptions when hovering over each field (Target Currency, Base Currency, Amount, Trade Direction, Duration).

Each description popup should include a clear and appealing icon that visually represents the meaning of each field.

The descriptions should be larger, more visually engaging, and easier to read compared to those on the homepage.

Example of Field Descriptions with Icons:

Target Currency 🌎: "The currency you wish to hedge against fluctuations."

Base Currency: 🏠 Your home or original currency.

Trade Direction: Indicates if you're planning to buy or sell the target currency.

Amount: The specific amount you wish to hedge.

Duration: The timeframe for which the exchange rate protection applies.

Page Layout and Functionality Explanation:

Create the "Using Hedgi" page with the following clear layout:

Briefly introduce the page by explaining that Hedgi offers two intuitive tools to help users effortlessly manage currency risks:

Currency Hedge Simulator: (placed prominently on the right side of the page)

Users interact with the fields directly and view helpful explanations by simply hovering.

Hedgi AI Chatbot: Positioned on the left side of the page, clearly labeled "Hedgi AI," allowing users to engage conversationally.

The chatbot helps users understand the process of setting up their hedges.

It gathers necessary information (currencies, amount, duration, purpose) via natural language interaction.

Clearly inform the users that the chatbot guides them step-by-step, making the hedge setup intuitive and straightforward.

Important Note on Chatbot Implementation:

For now, do not implement the actual API connectivity to OpenAI.

Eventually, the chatbot interactions will be performed by sending curl requests to OpenAI's API in the following general format:

curl https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY" \
  -d '{
    "model": "gpt-4-turbo",
    "messages": [
      {"role": "system", "content": "Your system instructions here."},
      {"role": "user", "content": "Your user's message here."}
  ]

Important:

Do NOT implement the actual connectivity to OpenAI now. Focus only on the UI structure, descriptions, visual cues, and interactivity.

Clearly document or comment within the code where OpenAI connectivity will be implemented later.

